Bob: Welcome. 

Jane: One beer for me and a milk for the boy.

Jeff: Hey...

Jane: You still have to drive home.

Jeff: Hrmpf.

---

Drunken Guy: 'nother drink for me...

Bob: Don't you think you had enough.

Drunken Guy: Who are you to judge, just give me the fucking drink.

Bob: As long as you pay and don't care, but if you couse trouble you are out of here.

---

Jane: What else have you to offer?

Bob: Wiskey, Beer, Milk, Snapush, Orange juice, Ventanol, the full programm.

Jane: Give me a <insert joice>

---

Jeff: How about some music.

Bob: Time to quick the jukebox.

Jane: Why the hell are you using such an antique thing?

Bob: Heirloom from my grandfather, beside, y' can't kick a solid state player.

---

Drunken Guy: Hey, Lady, wanna dance.

Jane: No, thank you.

Drunken Guy: Come on just one dance...

Jane: Keep your fingers away.

(touch, punch, K.O.)

Jane: I warned you.

Bob: One for the history books. I guess he had enough for today.

Jeff: Quite a punch you have there.

Jane: Tipping a drunk guy over ain't exactly a hard thing to
do. Beside, 'ouch, miss my suit.

--- 

RNPC: Anything available to eat?

Bob: How about some good old syntho beef?

RNPC: Sounds fine.

Bob: Ok, takes a minute.

---

Jeff: So, did everything went fine down there.

Jane: Mostly, the generators gave me trouble, but I managed that.

Jeff: Suit reaction was fine.

Jane: Yes, wouldn't have expected anything else after all that data I
collected in training.

You know anything about the organisation of NourthernStar?

Jeff: Not a thing, but rumors are running pretty wild.

Bob, you heard anything about the events on Hotti?

Bob: Lots of freighter captains have been very worried, looks like
Central is trying to gain influence.

Jane: But they won't stand a chance there, would they?

Bob: Not by legal means.

Jeff: You think they'd start to use force?

Bob: I don't think so, but what can I say, 100 million kilometer is a
long distance and its hard to judge the situation down there.

---

Robot: Meep meep. Your drink.

Jane: Whats that?

Bob: My new little helper. Like it?

Jane: Sure... where did you get that.

Bob: I better not answer that one.

---

# EOF #
